README.md, before:

# Angong_Portfolio
Data Science Portfolio

Beginner Python Mini Projects

These are a series of projects that include different variations of using Python to get input from the user.

[Project 1 – Creating a guessing game using random numbers:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/693535b5cc9d2b51ffb3b7c6b8c6fadb) 

•	Using Python to interact with the user

•	Using the input function to get user to input data in this case a random number

•	Creating a code to respond to the user regarding the data they entered and the outcome


![](/images/coderight2.jpg)

[Project 2 – Creating a selection menu for a restaurant order:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/c80a53c2391ab99ab1996e8b6ec8db5b)

•	User Input programme to ask customer what their Favourite Starter, Main course, Dessert and Drink

• The final outcome is displaying a message to show the data the customer has entered


![](/images/restoutcome.png)

[Project 3 – Creating an interactive programme number game:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/8ea1e8c3e92dd17b71bc960d8c2d3d0e) 

•	Asking user to guess a number between 1-100

•	Based on a selection of number a joke will be told

•	If incorrect number is selected no joke will be told


![](/images/joke%204.png)

![](/images/joke10.png)

![](/images/joke6.png)

[Project 4 – Coronavirus Home-Testing Kit Eligibilty](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/16935023c169e94ff061220cd3b6d9e9) 

•	Created a flowchart diagram to breakdown and visualise steps to create programme

![](/images/covidpic.png)



[Project 5 – Creating procedures and passing parameters to perform calculations](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/d67ee1ab5db278d64f08f1d892f00856)

![](/images/operators.png)

Commit message:

added another project with images and link to code

README.md, after:

# Angong_Portfolio
Data Science Portfolio

Beginner Python Mini Projects

These are a series of projects that include different variations of using Python to get input from the user.

[Project 1 – Creating a guessing game using random numbers:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/693535b5cc9d2b51ffb3b7c6b8c6fadb) 

•	Using Python to interact with the user

•	Using the input function to get user to input data in this case a random number

•	Creating a code to respond to the user regarding the data they entered and the outcome


![](/images/coderight2.jpg)

[Project 2 – Creating a selection menu for a restaurant order:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/c80a53c2391ab99ab1996e8b6ec8db5b)

•	User Input programme to ask customer what their Favourite Starter, Main course, Dessert and Drink

• The final outcome is displaying a message to show the data the customer has entered


![](/images/restoutcome.png)

[Project 3 – Creating an interactive programme number game:](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/8ea1e8c3e92dd17b71bc960d8c2d3d0e) 

•	Asking user to guess a number between 1-100

•	Based on a selection of number a joke will be told

•	If incorrect number is selected no joke will be told


![](/images/joke%204.png)

![](/images/joke10.png)

![](/images/joke6.png)

[Project 4 – Coronavirus Home-Testing Kit Eligibilty](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/16935023c169e94ff061220cd3b6d9e9) 

•	i created a flowchart diagram to breakdown and visualise steps to create programme

![](/images/covidpic.png)



[Project 5 – Creating procedures and passing parameters to perform calculations](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/d67ee1ab5db278d64f08f1d892f00856)

![](/images/operators.png)

[Project 6 - Creating a student grade converter](https://gist.github.com/angongcelenica/03a097d42832bca3902beb7488777bb3)

• I created a user input service so the student can input their grade so it can be converted from a percentage to a grade.

![](/images/gradecode.png)

![](/images/gradepass.png)

![](/images/gradefail.png)
